[Music]
on another note family it
seems there has been controversy controversy
and he's back in London
it seems there has been controversy and he's
back on the London Eye meaning without the
need for Saville Beira to be there
and the owner wants to generate controversy
and here okay I'm going to relate to his
words apparently he has said something or
criticized something about the character and the role
of percha and he has persisted it has not sat
well with him okay and apparently
and apparently let's see don't come and throw it
in my face like that but you were fired by these
unfair people it's a server a stalker with
more than a thousand videos against several
people a stalker who pursues on
the networks a person who used
private police files in his favor it's not
several people it's one I do
n't know who you're referring to but
thank you very much for the 10 euros
well I don't know if you're referring
friends he's calling me a stalker
in an ironic tone if that other person
please no don't go into the sauna I put
anyone of anything and now kids no  let's fall into the
same thing that others do, we
have always employed ourselves with
respect with our humor and our
sarcasm okay but well you are always
telling me sarcastically I have not
used the data badly no police
listen to me
London and it is that the context changed
ribeira remember that I mentioned how I had
been expelled from this same
server because some
content makers did not feel comfortable and
supposedly said that javi olivera
could or that they make me look handsome in the press
lately he
gets water for me in the press lately
that it had not happened yet but I could
create content about sanse or about the
javi set with whoever I know for whom it is worth it
okay well you will know who it goes for dear
and that is why they expelled him from now on so that that would
not happen since they did not want
toxicity in this same they fed
but as a preventive family measure they
put the bandage before the wound
perverts the deep ok perfect up to there
not a little bit and fair from my point of
view but ok these are the rules and those are the ones there are
perfect what happens well it
may be that jackie made a comment
about the character of allow  that
same comment created toxicity to the point
where after seeing if he had to
respond what is clear what is
clear is that because of some
shitty bats no I really do not
understand man I do not understand
people so I do not know if he does not put himself in the
role that he has to play
you or me honestly if I were perchas what I
would have done is make myself another
character man that is the best man
because if you want to have fun with
a character that has so many problems
it is difficult man it is difficult I
understand that they want to have fun but
let's try to make a plot
to change the names and such I know that
he wanted to do something to change the
name to the styles in the end and we decided
that he could not do it from the
administration and such and I am with him to the
death man but that is what is
going to happen if they catch this what is going to
happen do you understand and what do you do about that
people do not go to people they do not go around
I am very faithful to what I feel
man and I am very faithful to what I interpret
man and I do not  I'm going to risk it for a guy
who's robbing stores I'm
really sorry if he has the strength they won't
catch him or we can change the
name, damn it man but now
what causes what a shame that we have played I
say how well I don't work it passing
what a [ __ ] up
what a deputy has kidnapped a policeman
dude something that here later returned to the
network let's see I don't see anything wrong I don't see anything
wrong with what he's saying or rather an
opinion and that's it I mean I don't see
anything wrong either he hasn't set them apart from respect
and such the problem is that according to the
rules and according to what he said you couldn't
even sigh to coexist and all this
started to generate toxicity between the
funds
not skate or anything please I hope that
people understand and also I
within the station that was created
after what happened yesterday well the truth
is that after a more or less
good day and I'm simply going to give my opinion
what not to do and do nothing because I don't
know if it's going to be anything if someone is
waiting for that and well I don't think also I think you
know me enough I think you
know me enough I think you know him
enough as  to know how I am how
I behaved and not and what I think what I do
n't think and simply after
what happened yesterday that I later understood a
lot the truth is Joan is very controversial
point they are going to kick him out of London Eye
crying face of fake it
doesn't have much the whole thing of him
speaking from another person's role that
part does seem wrong to me I don't know I think that part seems wrong to me it
seems wrong that
someone talks about another person's role it is
supposed that it cannot be not what I
understand is absurd it
is absurd
that you are going to throw anything in his face I know that
many people when we published
the debate we had the other day have experienced the
excuses that you are already making here as a
family I was the one who was debating
with him and I was realizing
the answers he was giving me but
it's his series or rather they are not going to throw it out
just like they have thrown water on me and michu
but just as they haven't thrown water in
Machu Picchu they haven't thrown it out and he made me
totally meta game in okay he
made me totally meta gaming and pure mind
okay he spent a couple of days without surrounding I don't
know if it was a  punishment and he didn't say it I don't
know but well they kicked him out and he made me
totally meta gaming totally look at you there
are videos of my haters that I'm not going to
advertise because I'm sending it but there
are videos of my haters in which they put
the perspective of Win Michu's live I do
n't even know if it's meta gaming
Christopher it's literally that you
know information from outside and you use it
to do some nonsense that is not
within the plot of your character
and it's not a spontaneous thing or
literally like roll 10
tells him look over there or something like that it's not being
indicated to us or it's a coincidence but it
's indicating to him roll has to look over
there for something he's showing us the
way somewhere the grandfather with what he
was and he sees me he sees me from afar I
'm sure that he admired me and that he knew
that which was my character because he was
with me dodge him or don't
answer me whatever okay and suddenly
without coming to the point he runs towards
my character he is listening to my voice
for five or ten seconds he
turns around the other character until he
punches me in my country then  the other one, if you
look at the facts for you, I imagine it
will be no, I don't understand the point of
running, we wait for it, it
's a meta gaming of the book, okay, there are
other metals and there's another one that I'm not going to
put it, I'm not going to tell you the name of
who it is because a person who, well, I
think personally never speaks badly
of me, I don't know, he speaks badly of me on
some occasions, okay, but he's a kid
who suddenly are in a group, I passed by
them and
look what they say, look, listen to Winfrey Five online [Music] Spyker, neither is the law very strong, it seems that you're sure to make a video, it's nonsense, I'm not disrespecting him, he's telling a joke, more like in
the squid game, be careful with this one who
makes a video of you, but it's anti-roll,
it's or I understand
the role is the role, okay, but well,
from what I didn't turn it around and each one
within their series, their game, it could be, they did it, it doesn't matter, it doesn't
matter how it
turned out in front of the public, okay,
yes, yes, it's a joke, I understand that it's a
joke, they
report, I'm going to put it in anything
because I think that never  he messed with me
but I'm like let's
get strict with the rules
with the rule and I speak from my opinion and it
's
simply part of the role of another person
without having any context on top of them or anything okay it's
intellectual and context when on top of that you
have both my cell phone and my disk
and my twitter my thousand thousand thousand places
to communicate with me so I
think it's wrong really I've spoken
to him the subject is more or less clarified it's
clear or he lacked a lot of context
although it is explained 20 times but he
lacked a lot of context so I think it
was wrong I mean talking about another
person outside in a live broadcast simply
talking about the role of another person live I
don't know it seems like a bit of a
[ __ ] man can you talk to me he finishes
the live broadcast he calls me like this he explains to me smith
is hey such and such what happened today
here with me well what's happening that
again the same one of mine is not going to report it
because your report is worthless also
exactly if my report was worth something well
no because it doesn't report to
anyone if they have done what they said to me and
everyone knows this
context but if you are continued with the role of the
character not carried out in Marbella  as
hardware continued developing the pj
truth I always sincerely
that every word that comes out of your mouth has to be
misinterpreted everything that
everything is bad that since it is an s it is bad
and that all this is in [ __ ] to you
already navigate the thing that has said is your
opinion and period we
get narrow the
only thing that I'm trying to do
is follow all the roles to everyone man I
don't know if I continue with hai I
tell you the truth I say I don't know how to
continue with hai because I'm
very tired man I
'm very tired man I mean I don't do
things for the bad man after new things
for the bad I try that everyone is
okay but it's affecting me it's already
affecting me man because I
have taken many blows man for
helping people man my chemical already
helps me man power to return to take out
sad context where I say is that
thinking I don't know who is not having a
good time or I don't know what roll man well with the
least balls man you are very there are
some many of us but
the people who come here to this channel to
make clips take out all the [ __ ] context
man  I really tell you, truly and from the bottom of my
heart, man, it's true, you're really
annoying, man, not just a few vacations, just a few
vacations, and here you two have had a
vacation, it's been a lot of
work for you both to get ahead, I know
that you've had nights and nights and nights
without sleep and it's a bit stressful for
the other three but in the end
[Music] I do
n't want to fight behind anyone's back, he's not
doing anything, God, I'm trying to
be a support for the gang, man, if Carlos
is stealing to flatter what's because
he wants to steal badulaques and wants to have a
good time, yes, I understand, man,
but the problem is that it affects
other roles without more and I'm
trying to prevent that from happening without more
but I don't give a [ __ ], I don't care because I
want more than a bank,
say what you want and I'm going to support him in
everything because I talk to him every
[ __ ] day I try to make everything go well,
man, if I don't do anything, but what happens is that
if he allies, [ __ ], that people have
a context of what's happening, I don't, I don't
understand anything, many times it doesn't enter  and I
find myself in a mess dude really I mean I'm
not trying to screw anyone over I've never
done it here or in Marbella dude and
much less here dude I'm coming in here
because I want to be with myself in this
compensation and here the problem of the role
that if you're stealing it affects the role to
other roles that maybe you don't
agree with that error comes in but well I
imagine that what there is I mean when you
are interested acting on the
role server with so many people then they will always
influence your role the role directly
deals with that in fact no I don't know that
you have
all the equipment and all the characters the
context of everything that you are going to do I
understand that all the roles of the
others affect you not having a
good time dude but if you're really
going to take me out of context if I say
[ __ ] it's that peras is having a bad time
because he wants to do the rock he is
doing it with the eyebrows what happens is that he can't
because by roll it is a smoke
because yes I mean it's not a play but it's that
if the police catch him they are going to
screw up the roll so let's see if we take
into account who started all this for a
simple comment  that whether it was
positive or negative whatever it may be it generated
toxicity that comment has been
interpreted well or badly in the end
gendreau toxicity and that is
against the rules the great toxicity
between communities and between the
streamers themselves so in theory following
the rules since he will have to be
expelled not like they expelled javi they
will have to expel jackie for this
same one yes
the series is his let's see I understand the
point I understand the point of criticism and
what you are criticizing let's see I think
what we all agree on and
that my expulsion was not fair they
expelled me for nothing they pushed me because
a person said I want this one to take them out I would
love to know they told me
some of the things they presented I would
love to know which ones and what evidence no
but you ca
n't go back family you can't go back in
time no no it's in
cysts in one thing and even I am
out I am not going to come back obviously I
hope other youtubers invite me
to other series
and that's it no no don't pay attention to
London of those of you who are watching the oven you
are not paying attention to
thank you game thank you very much  I'm not paying
attention to this one,
look, this one fulfilled the
rule, now this one is talking about the
other one because it's going to happen and I told him
there here on the call, so from now until the
end of the deep one, although I don't know if it's
after summer, this is going to happen, a
lot is going to happen, you see that they are inside the
server, they are going to talk about salt, you know, about
others in October that they are inside it is going to
happen and they are not going to be kicked out or
anything is going to happen, they have thrown me in, look at me go
and the churro would have entered if the south
had entered that I imagine that
later on they would have put it in at the end
even if it was out of commitment because you want it, it
has no relationship with Jackie and everything
at a level it seems strange that they didn't put it in
first being friends from here but oh
well
but
if they hadn't been to the people who
have claimed that they kick me out, I would still be
inside and the south would have entered
loto, we would not have dedicated ourselves to salt or
if I had had to criticize
Cline, I would have criticized her if I
had had to criticize Jackie and I
would have criticized him and they would not have
kicked us out because we were  Having fun,
having a good time with others, you
understand, they were the reason why I
watched it. I know it had a lot of impact,
the thing they did to me, but well, it's
not going to affect them.
[Music]